what are those
wacky glasses you're wearing these are
ultra high
tech top of the line state of the art
cutting edge tv glasses
and you're actually watching tv
right now yeah right here in the corner
what are you watching the basketball
game unbelievable
and cheryl doesn't mind this yes
sorry my team is winning
this new invention doesn't bother you
are you kidding
if i'd known how happy they would make
him i would have bought those glasses
for bob
long ago technology today is amazing
you know i wish they'd invent something
that would make people who talk on cell
phones
quieter this guy in the cafe today was
so loud i couldn't hear myself talking
what oh sorry i was laughing at this guy
on tv
if i could invent something it would be
a thing for bob's car
that would automatically charge him when
he goes over the speed limit
he drives so fast sometimes but he'd
slow down if he
had to pay no is your team losing
no i heard what you said you just leave
my car alone
[Music]
hi paul wait till you see what i've got
what is it
well i have this problem with my cell
phone whenever i'm traveling with a
group
i can never hear it ring or feel it
vibrate
so i got this thing that lets me know
whenever my phone is ringing
how does it do that it buzzes me
buzzes you know
so i could feel it does it work i don't
know
no one's called me yet oh
what someone's scrolling
hello hello
no one's there wow
that was a big buzz that almost hurt
maybe it isn't working right
it's working fine
another phone call hello
that's whoa man if i ever get used to
that
i'll always know whenever my phone is
ringing
stop calling me
paul if i were you i would take that
thing back to the store before you hurt
yourself
i'm going i'll see you later
i hope he can drive okay he'll be fine
how do you know i'll stop calling him
hello bob dining alone paul and marie
went to get newspapers
do you mind if i join you oh please sit
down
may i ask what you're reading um
the history of the world the best seller
i'm very
impressed reading nonfiction over lunch
i hear that it's a very difficult book
uh
no it's it's a pretty easy read i
i can't put it down actually a real page
turner huh
do you think i could borrow it when
you're done sure
i usually prefer fiction myself you know
thrillers mysteries there's nothing like
curling up with a good
science fiction novel is there you read
science fiction too
don't tell anyone are you learning a lot
from your book
yeah i think so so tell me what you're
reading about right now
um this part
is about great britain
really do you mind if i take a look
cheryl hates when i read comics
then i can understand why you can't put
the book down
and think that i could borrow it then
well i'm still reading this one
but i have another one i can loan you i
meant
this one oh
help yourself
look at this the paper says that a
tornado carried a woman for 300 miles
and she lived to tell about it
i'm not sure if you know this but that
story
isn't true it's in the paper it must be
true
that paper is trash i can't believe
you're reading it
what do you mean it's fiction
it's not news nothing in there is true
if you want real news you have to read
this paper that paper is boring
this one's much more interesting
woman gives birth to cow
man builds house from bread
baby with two heads come on this is
offensive
storm kills 100 in texas
train accident kills five injures more
man kills wife and son
i'm sorry but all that death and
destruction is pretty offensive to me
i know that these things happened and i
know that those didn't
you don't know that you just assume that
it's true
let's ask bob and mr evans what paper
they read
never mind let's just read that sounds
good to me
look at this a man with four legs
did you see the politicians expect to
raise taxes again
really what does the government decide
to spend our money on now
they're planning to build a stronger
military it's
wrong to spend so much on the military
they should spend it on
education instead
can we please avoid discussing politics
why every time we begin talking about
politics people get mad at each other
they should spend more money on fighting
corruption
if they were able to stop corrupt
officials
maybe they wouldn't need to raise our
taxes
that's true but i think we need to spend
more money
on the military without a strong
military the world won't be very safe
that's one way to look at it but
maybe the world would be safer and
better if we try to eliminate poverty
what do you think cheryl i think
that if i say what i really think you'll
get all mad and call me
crazy or ridiculous cheryl
don't be so afraid we're only talking
i think that the government should spend
more money
on cooking schools
what most people don't know how to cook
well
i think the government should help teach
them
that's ridiculous are you
crazy use our taxes to pay for
cookies of course not
but look at you you're all mad at me
this is why i never discuss politics
with friends
but don't let me stop you from getting
mad at each other
paul i never knew you were so
conservative
i'm not conservative sure you are
you always seem to want things to be
just like they used to be
that's not conservative that's just
smart
thanks that's the definition of
conservative
really well i didn't know you were so
radical
what makes you think i'm radical you
always want to change everything
no i don't i just want our government to
realize
that it's the 21st century and they need
new ways of doing things
thank you that sounds radical to me
bob tell him i'm not a radical she's not
a radical
she's a liberal like me
i wouldn't call you a liberal oh really
i'd say you're more of a moderate you're
always in the middle if
i want to be a liberal i'll be a liberal
thank you honey you can be whatever you
want
you just can't be one thing and call it
something else
listen to you you're like a little
dictator
i studied politics in school i know
something about the definition of
political beliefs is that so
so what is cheryl a radical
moderate conservative
who knows she's not saying
cheryl what are you would you mind
telling us that much
okay you want to know what i believe
i believe
i believe these are the best chips i
have ever tasted
everyone we'd like to ask your opinion
about something
what is that we're trying to decide
where to go on vacation after the
wedding
for our honeymoon we thought you might
be able to help us decide on a location
an excellent idea where are you thinking
of going
well bob doesn't really like to travel
so he's agreed to go wherever i want to
go
as long as the hotel has nice bathrooms
and a tv
that sounds fair what's your first
choice
i've always wanted to go to cozumel off
the yucatan peninsula
cozumel is spectacular the island itself
is pretty flat but the beaches are
beautiful and the ocean
is so blue aren't there too many
sharks to go swimming there no it's very
safe what oh
but it's somewhat overrated
you just said what else are you thinking
of
what about tierra del fuego in the south
of argentina in chile
the scenery is extraordinary
the mountain ranges and national parks
are breathtaking
but in june won't it be too dark to do
very much
no plenty of people go there in june to
go skiing or
but of course it's probably not romantic
enough for
i've heard the jungles and rainforests
in malaysia are a must see
they're so lush
of course some people feel that the
scorpions
make it too dangerous to hide
we could go to that hotel on grant
street along the river
stay in town for our honeymoon
well i heard the rooms have really nice
bathrooms and
[Music]
big televisions
cheryl you once told me that you wanted
to go to tahiti
that's right i forgot about that
you would love tahiti one of the most
beautiful places on earth
and very very romantic
really you all think tahiti is a good
idea
i think you'd love it it's too expensive
how expensive well do you remember how
much mr rasheed's vacation to tahiti
cost
yes i do he traveled cheaply
that's it i'm out of ideas
i guess we'll go someplace boring
we weren't going to tell you until a
couple months from now
but paul marie and i were talking and we
thought a vacation in the south pacific
would be perfect i just wish we could
afford it
so we decided that as our wedding gift
to you
we'd like to send you to tahiti all
expenses paid
you're kidding we booked your flights
and a hotel on the southern coast for
two weeks
i don't know how to thank you but the
and the hotel room has a spectacular
bathroom
this big i don't know how to thank you
[Music]
oh
i'm so excited
explain explain is the verb
if you explain something to somebody
that
means you make people
you have that people to understand that
things easily
so that is called explain ah
x remember x here explain
remember the consonant cluster
explain explain
that the noun of this one is
explanation it's quite different huh
don't say explanation that is
explanation
x bl x
x and then plur x exploration
explanation is the noun it's just like
the reason
i remember here for the spelling
explain a i
n but here explanation no
i just i am okay explain
explanation don't say explanation
okay explain explanation
number two relationship
you know this word right relationship
relationship that means the way to
to people to countries
to companies or groups behave towards
each other the way they interact with
each other
so relationship relationship
relationship here
are relative a lot of people
uh mispronounce this one they think
this is relationship so they would
pronounce this one as
relative a lot of people say relative
but it's not correct really this is a
relative
relative can be a noun or an adjective
but here i mean
i mean a noun relative relative if a
person
is your relative that means that person
is in the same family with you just like
you know your uncle your aunt your
cousin
they are your relatives relatives so
relative remember
relationship but relative
don't say relative okay it's not
correct relative number three
breath is the noun but
the verb is breathe breath
that means the air you take into your
body
through your nose or your mouth uh
and then you set it out again
so breath breath
breath on voice breath
here breathe the verb
breathe breathe
number four reserve
reserve is the verb just like book
if you uh want to reserve
a you can reserve a table in a
restaurant
a seat for a flight
or a room in a hotel so
you can reserve you can call or you can
ask for
uh for that room or the seat
or the table
reserve reserve just a book book tour
booker room book table reserve
reserve but the now
is reservation don't say reservation
okay it is reservation
reserve reservation
reservation reservation is the now it's
just like
the um just like the
arrangement for a seat or room or maybe
a table
reserve reservation
number five this is comfort
comfort remember don't say comfort you
think this is the fourth
and then you say comfort it's not
correct it is
comfort okay uh comfort
is it can be a noun or a verb
but here i means the verb comfort
but the way it is pronounced are the
same huh so
uh comfort uh
if i comfort somebody
that means i try to make
that person feel relaxed and pleasant
comfort but here
the adjective it means
uh to to if you feel comfortable
that means you feel relaxed or
pleasant comfortable don't say come for
a table okay
comfortable don't say come for a table
or comfort table
no comfortable comfortable
comfort comfortable now
again one explain an
explanation two
relationship but relative
three breath for the now
and the verb breathe breath
breathe uh four
reserve just like book
reservation the now reserve reservation
number five comfort for the verb
or now for the adjective comfortable
comfort comfortable let's go
to the examples for
explain an explanation
explain can you explain to me
the meaning of this word that means i i
don't understand
much about the meaning of this word can
you help me to understand it
can you explain explain to
somebody okay can you explain to me
the meaning of this word this
word this word the
the meaning remember th put your tongue
to your teeth
the of
this word the meaning of this word
can you explain to me the meaning of
this word
explanation he
didn't give an explanation
why he was absent for example he was
absent from the class
or from the meeting but he didn't give
the reason why he didn't
give an explanation give
remember v v e given
linked them together given he didn't
given
uh here didn't didn't you don't have to
pronounce
t remember two words together the first
word ends with
t and the second word begins with a
consonant we don't have to pronounce t
or d here he didn't give
given he didn't give an explanation
he didn't give an explanation why he was
absent worse he is so was absent
was absent why he was absent
he didn't give an explanation why he was
absent